README.md, before:

# tsdoc

A command-line tool to view documentation for TypeScript symbols from built-in types, Node.js APIs, and third-party packages.

## Installation

```bash
bun install
bun link
```

## Usage

```
Usage: tsdoc [options] <symbol>

Show documentation for TypeScript symbols from built-in types, Node.js APIs, and third-party packages.

Examples:
  tsdoc Array.map              # Built-in types
  tsdoc Promise.all            # Built-in types
  tsdoc express.Request        # Third-party package (from node_modules)
  tsdoc react.Component        # Third-party package (from node_modules)
  tsdoc zod.ZodString          # Third-party package (from node_modules)

Options:
  -h, --help        Show this help message
```

## Examples

```bash
# Built-in types
tsdoc Array                      # Show Array interface with all members
tsdoc Promise.all                # Show Promise.all method signature
tsdoc Array.isArray              # Show Array.isArray static method
tsdoc String.prototype.split     # Show string split method

# Third-party packages
tsdoc express                    # List all exports from express package
tsdoc express.Request            # Show express Request interface
tsdoc react.Component            # Show React Component class
```

## Features

- **Built-in TypeScript types** - View documentation for any public symbol in TypeScript's standard library
- **Third-party packages** - View documentation for packages installed in node_modules
- **Package exports** - List all exports from a package by querying the package name alone
- **Type information** - Shows constructor signatures, call signatures, and type parameters with constraints
- **Complete signatures** - Displays parameters with types, optional markers, default values, and descriptions
- **Return types** - Shows return type information with documentation
- **JSDoc support** - Displays @deprecated, @since, @throws, @example, @see tags and more
- **Members listing** - Shows interface/class members with their types and documentation
- **Dot notation** - Follows dot notation to navigate nested properties and methods
- **Automatic resolution** - Resolves package types from package.json or @types packages
- **Zero configuration** - Works out of the box

## Development

```bash
# Format code
bun run fmt
```

Commit message:

add support for local project file documentation
Extend tsdoc to read and display documentation for TypeScript files
in the current project, not just node_modules packages and built-in
types.

Add tryFindLocalModule() function that searches for TypeScript files
with various extensions (.ts, .tsx, .d.ts, .js, .jsx) in the current
directory and src/ subdirectory. The function checks both direct file
paths and directory index files.

Update findAndPrintDocs() to prioritize local module resolution before
falling back to package resolution. This allows users to query local
files using the same syntax as packages.

Modify getLibFiles() to accept an optional localModulePath parameter
and include it in the TypeScript program's source files.

Update the program's source file iteration to process local modules
even when they are not declaration files, enabling documentation
extraction from regular TypeScript source files.

Include example.ts as a test file demonstrating the new functionality
with various exported symbols (functions, interfaces, type aliases).

Update README.md and help text to document the new capability with
examples showing how to query local project files.

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-aa2b38f7-c9f4-43d0-a71c-507a15069496
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

README.md, after:

# tsdoc

A command-line tool to view documentation for TypeScript symbols from built-in types, Node.js APIs, third-party packages, and local project files.

## Installation

```bash
bun install
bun link
```

## Usage

```
Usage: tsdoc [options] <symbol>

Show documentation for TypeScript symbols from built-in types, Node.js APIs, third-party packages, and local project files.

Examples:
  tsdoc Array.map              # Built-in types
  tsdoc Promise.all            # Built-in types
  tsdoc express.Request        # Third-party package (from node_modules)
  tsdoc react.Component        # Third-party package (from node_modules)
  tsdoc zod.ZodString          # Third-party package (from node_modules)
  tsdoc mymodule               # Local project file (./mymodule.ts or ./src/mymodule.ts)
  tsdoc mymodule.MyClass       # Exported symbol from local file

Options:
  -h, --help        Show this help message
```

## Examples

```bash
# Built-in types
tsdoc Array                      # Show Array interface with all members
tsdoc Promise.all                # Show Promise.all method signature
tsdoc Array.isArray              # Show Array.isArray static method
tsdoc String.prototype.split     # Show string split method

# Third-party packages
tsdoc express                    # List all exports from express package
tsdoc express.Request            # Show express Request interface
tsdoc react.Component            # Show React Component class

# Local project files
tsdoc example                    # List all exports from ./example.ts
tsdoc example.greet              # Show greet function from local file
tsdoc utils.helpers              # Show exports from ./src/utils/helpers.ts
```

## Features

- **Built-in TypeScript types** - View documentation for any public symbol in TypeScript's standard library
- **Third-party packages** - View documentation for packages installed in node_modules
- **Local project files** - View documentation for TypeScript files in your current project
- **Package exports** - List all exports from a package or local module by querying the name alone
- **Type information** - Shows constructor signatures, call signatures, and type parameters with constraints
- **Complete signatures** - Displays parameters with types, optional markers, default values, and descriptions
- **Return types** - Shows return type information with documentation
- **JSDoc support** - Displays @deprecated, @since, @throws, @example, @see tags and more
- **Members listing** - Shows interface/class members with their types and documentation
- **Dot notation** - Follows dot notation to navigate nested properties and methods
- **Automatic resolution** - Resolves package types from package.json or @types packages, and local files from current directory or src/
- **Zero configuration** - Works out of the box

## Development

```bash
# Format code
bun run fmt
```
